ASNT It is the society of technical education of a Non-destructive Testing. It’s having some NDT training institute in Hyderabad. The first European built a magnetic Particle testing crack detector it was an Italian in 1932. 
NDT or NDE can be used to detect size and locate faults and defects in the surface and subsurface. In everyday life, NDT plays a crucial role and is necessary to ensure safety and reliability. NDT techniques can be used throughout the design life to monitor the integrity of the item or structure.
Non-destructive assessment (NDE) is a term often used interchangeably with NDT. Technically, however, NDE is used to describe more quantitative in nature measurements. NDE can be used to determine properties of materials such as toughness of fracture, formability, and other physical properties.
The general information below is intended to provide a basic description of NDT and the most common test methods and techniques used in NDT quality for visitors who are not already familiar with NDT it's not extremely careful or comprehensive, and for additional comprehensive info readers ought to see ASNT publications just like the ASNT NDT Handbooks or the ASNT Personnel path Current NDT methods are. Ultrasonic testing (UT), Radiography testing (RT)/RTFI In Radiography, and Liquid Penetrant testing (PLT), Acoustic Emission Testing (AE), Electromagnetic Testing (ET), Guided Wave Testing (GW), Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR), Laser Testing (LM), Magnetic Flux Leakage (MFL), Microwave Testing, Magnetic Particle Testing (MT), and Neutron. ASNT Certification is the most recognized credential for NDT the standard for the non-destructive testing industry has been ASNT certification for almost half a century. ASNT certification for employers is an impartial validation of NDT staff's competence in the field.
Most certification programs are qualified by three NDT levels. NDT Level I, NDT Level II/NDT Level 2 and NDT Level III.     
Being an NDT inspector or NDT supervisor, NDT Engineer, NDT co-coordinator is a good career for people not wanting to work every day at a desk in an office. NDT inspectors often work in the field of industrial warehouse, Oil Company, Gas Company, Petrol Company, Chemical Company, and Refinery using non-destructive methods to ensure that materials and assembly parts are safe and comply with safety standards. 

